# 4.0 Time
When we talk about time, we talk about it in three main contexts, The Past, The present and The Future. Our past is the resoruce that we rely on to make more purposeful decisions in the present, then we hope that these decisions will become fruitful in the future.

Let's dig deeper into time as a concept.

## 4.0.0 The Past
If we think of time as a system with us being inside of that system, it becomes quite easy to see how our past is our resource of learning. Throughout history, people leveraged the past to tell cautionary tales about potential dangers for survival, or tales of purpose and evolution - or simply tales for fulfillment and fun to bring joy to those listening.

The past as a time component serves it's purpose by supporting other systems. but without a past there is not present and there certainly won't be any future. That's why it's very hard for our minds to comprehend a time where there's no past. Scientists are still trying to find out the beginning in time with no success. And while some say that the big bang was the beginning, others say that it was just the end of a previous universe and the beginning of the next!

The Tri-Nature Theory points us towards the importance of leveraging The Past whether it's ours or someone else's to guide our steps in the present so we can get a better outcome in the future. It's a common saying that those who don't learn from their past are destined to repeat it.

It's quite evident that relying on our past and learning from it is how humanity evolved from where it was to where it is today. But The Past can only be a good resource if and only if we properly consumed it. For instance, a past that is incomplete, changed or misinformed is a huge risk for our suvival and growth as human beings.

Consuming The Past then requires three main requirements, Memory, Validation and Purposing.

### 4.0.0.0 Memory
We have to ensure our past is properly stored and retained. Past civilizations used drawings on walls to ensure their stories can make it through the longest period of time. Retaining The Past can come in all ways and forms. In this day and age companies create Vaults to retain world knowledge. But the research is still going to find the best way to ensure The Past and it's lessons reamin within reach.


### 4.0.0.1 Validations
Churchil once said: "History is written by the victor". A Past that is not accurate consistutes a great risk for The Present and The Future. Validating The Past is one of the most important professions out there. Historians dig deeper into every single detail our history to ensure they can find the most accurate story.

You may hear about this so much in the news, where historians discover a single evidence that completely changes what we believed about a certain period of time. For instance, up until 1996 - scientists used to believe that dinasaures had no feathers until they unearthed the very first feathred dinasaure.

// memory/accuracy
// purposes
// 