# The Tri-Nature of Everything

## 0. Introduction
Everything in our universe has a pattern. These patterns help us understand the innerworkings of everything. Understanding how things work eventually helps us know how to interact with it. It also helps us learn more about how to live a richer, happier and more fulfilled life.

But more importantly, learning the patterns of everything around us helps us understand our role in this massive universe. What we were meant to be. When we understand our role, we become more aligned with the overall universal architecture. This alignment unlocks our potential to achieve more, do more and be more.

Chasing and unveiling patterns in our universe is one of the most exciting endeavors. These patterns are always hiding in plain sight - waiting to be discovered. Once these patterns are discovered they unlock more understanding of the mechanisms of things. A lot of things start to make much more sense. Sometimes discovering one pattern leads to more others.

Our universe is full of these patterns upon patterns upon patterns to infinity and beyond. I wrote this book to talk about one of these patterns, a universal pattern that I call The Tri-Nature of Everything. A pattern that took me decades to discover and unveil. In this book I will try to explain the theory, the purpose and the way this pattern materializes in so many different ways.

The theory in this book is my assumptions about certain concepts, structures and behaviors that I'm witnessing. But a theory without purpose is incomplete and meaningless. So the second chapter of this book will be all around the purposes of The Tri-Nature theory. I will be talking about how to purposify our lives based on the theory, and what it means to change our view to the world through the theory.

Lastly, Any theory with a purpose doesn't really exist until it exists! The materialization of any theory is the evidence of it's correctness and validity. Afterall, a theory is a dozen for a dime until it can be undoubtedly proven in our world with some material presence. I will be exploring how living within that theory has changed my life personally. And then I will explain how it can be observed in other lives as well. The materialization of this theory is the part that shall bring everything into perspective.

I wrote this book for you to experience the universe from a different perspective. A new perspective that puts everything into perspective! I authored this book to help you find a reason, a purpose and a meaning to everything. I promise to accompany every theory with a purpose, and every purpose with an evidence - something you can see, feel and experience for yourself in your own life and in everything around you.

I authored this book to fulfill my own purpose in terms of contributing to the survival, evolution and fulfillment of mankind. I deemed it important that you understand the very nature of the universal system - and learn from it's magnificent architecture. And I hope that you find something in here that is worth your time. I hope that this book brings you fulfillment through understanding, and understanding through materialization.

Let's get started in our journey of unveiling one of the most exciting pattens in the universe!